check if PyQt5 is installed and then not install PySide2 (#1059)
Napari/napari: requirements/default.txt

IPython>=7.7.0
backcall>=0.1.0
PyOpenGL>=3.1.0
wrapt>=1.11.1
numpydoc>=0.9.2
pluggy>=0.13.0

> # Qt version is managed form setup.py to allow Pyside2 installation omit whem PyQt5 is installed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Qt version is managed from setup.py to install PySide2 when no Qt libraries are found
```
